c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\obj\Debug\Pert6_IchsanUstaf.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\Pert6_IchsanUstaf.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\Pert6_IchsanUstaf.pdb
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\obj\Debug\Pert6_IchsanUstaf.dll
c:\users\ichsa\onedrive\dokumen\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\Pert6_IchsanUstaf\obj\Debug\Pert6_IchsanUstaf.pdb
